Additional documentation (#125)
netdata/kernel-collector: docs/Update-libbpf.md

# Update Libbpf

We have two libbpf ( https://github.com/libbpf/libbpf ) versions in our repository, one we are the mantainer
and we need to do few changes on it, because it is used with old kernel versions, but we are also
updating our repository with the latest version of Libbpf every time a new release is created.

## Libbpf 0.0.1

This is the first version released by Libbpf team that we modified. This version is used to compile any kernel 

>  older than `4.15`.  The selection is done inside `library/Makefile` depending of the kernel used to compile 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 older than `4.15`.  The selection is done inside `library/Makefile` depending on the kernel used to compile 
```

the library.

> We only need to change this directory, case we begin to support kernels older than `4.11`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only need to update this directory if we decide to support Kernels older than `4.11`.
```

Reviewer: Also is is `4.11` or `4.14` -- We support as low as `4.14` as of today?

Author: The kernel API that we are using was released with `4.11`, but we started supporting `4.14`, because there are not many distributions using kernels between `4.11` and `4.13`.

## Libbpf

> This is the latest version of the library. The update process of this directory is not a simple overwrite of files,
>  because we had to do adjusts to avoid errors with old compilers, we also need to change some files inside 
>  the library, because we are not using the default shared library name, instead we are renaming it to 
>  `libbpf_kernel.so`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the latest version of the library. The update process of this directory is not as simple as overwriting the files,
 because we need to do adjusts the sources and build slightly to avoid compilation errors with older compilers. We also need to change some files inside the library, because we are not using the default shared library name, instead we are renaming it to  `libbpf_kernel.so`.
```
